# Upsides Of The Distributed Web

- **No more hosting requirements** - Since the DWEB protocol is P2P, there are no hosting requirements nor is there any need for hosting. In some situations, you may want to run your own [dDNS Server](https://github.com/distdns/server) so that your apps use a redundant DNS service, aside from the [dWeb Network Presets](https://github.com/flockcore/presets) that are used by default in most applications like [dBrowser](https://dbrowser.io). Because of this, the cost to promote a website online decreases 100-fold and really makes things interesting for dApps and dSites from an economic perspective.
- **dApps & dSites load blazingly fast** - Since dWeb-based dSites and/or dApps are downloaded and/or seeded to your computer, that means they're locally available. Since they're locally available, they load in an instant. Most dSites and/or dApps have been minified from their prior codebase, so they're typically really small and don't take up much disk space, if stored locally. If a site's data changes, thanks for DWEB's version control, it will see a new version of a dSite and/or dApp and only download the files that the dPack's metadata say have changed. It's kind of like GIT in a way, if you're a developer, you know what I mean.
- **You own your own data & can remove it anytime** - In any dApp on the dWeb where you submit your data, that data is stored in a dPack locally, just like a dSite or a dApp would be stored, as you're creating it. It is yours and you own the keys. If for any reason you want to remove it from the dWeb, this is easy, just stop seeding it to peers and as the original peer, the dPack will become unavailable to users from that point on. This could be a social profile on [dStatus](https://dstatus.io) or an album on [dTunes](https://dtunes.io). That's how dWeb-based dApps are design. For a preview of this, please go to [dweb://dstatus.app](dweb://dstatus.app) via [dBrowser](https://dbrowser.io) and create a dStatus profile, so you can see how this process works firsthand.
- **Any kind of application or website can be ported to the dWeb** - As long as the application or dSite is compliant with [dWeb Standards](https://standards.dwebs.io), it can work on the distributed web, without issue. The standards are not long and crazy. They're pretty simple. Popular languages like Javascript along with HTML, CSS3 and of course a distributed database solution will work, without a hitch.
- **You cannot be censored** - Nobody controls the DWEB protocol, it is alive and well. Many people host distributed DNS servers and those community-ran distributed DNS servers are including in our FlockCore "Network Presets" We are constantly adding new DNS servers, as long as they're from a reliable and trusted community source, who can maintain uptime for DWEB users. If not, DNS servers that don't respond are simply skipped over by FlockCore's revelation library. These community-ran distributed DNS servers are where DWEB-based DNS records from users on the DWEB are stored.
